Update values.mdx (#21164)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/ruleset-engine/rules-language/values.mdx

Cloudflare Business and Enterprise customer plans have access to the `matches` [comparison operator](/ruleset-engine/rules-language/operators/#comparison-operators) which supports regular expressions, so that you can capture multiple variants of a value with a single expression.

> ### Regex Limits
> 
> Each rule supports a maximum of 64 regular expressions(regex), regardless of your domain's plan level. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Regular expression limits

Cloudflare has a few limits in place regarding regular expressions. One of those limits is that each rule supports a maximum of 64 regular expressions (regexes), regardless of your domain's plan. 

You can use the following strategies to reduce the number of regular expressions in a rule:
- Use the [`contains`](/ruleset-engine/rules-language/operators/#comparison-operators) operator
- Use the [`wildcard`](/ruleset-engine/rules-language/operators/#wildcard-matching) / [`strict wildcard`](/ruleset-engine/rules-language/operators/#wildcard-matching) operators
- Use the [`starts_with()`](/ruleset-engine/rules-language/functions/#starts_with) and [`ends_with()`](/ruleset-engine/rules-language/functions/#ends_with) functions

```
